.\" Man page for croma-message.
.TH MARCO-THEME-VIEWER 1 "9 February 2014" "MATE Desktop Environment"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
croma-theme-viewer \- Croma Theme Previewer
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B croma-theme-viewer [THEME]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcroma-theme-viewer\fR allows you to preview any installed Croma theme.
.PP
When designing a new Croma theme, you can use \fBcroma-theme-viewer\fR to benchmark the performance of a window frame, and to preview it around different types of windows in various mock scenarios.
.SH "USAGE"
Usage of \fBcroma-theme-viewer\fR is fairly simple. 
.br
Just call \fBcroma-theme-viewer\fR followed by the Name of any valid Croma or Metacity theme installed in "~/.themes" or "/usr/share/themes".
.br
It is case-sensitive.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
\fBcroma-theme-viewer Crux\fR
.RS 4
Preview the Crux theme if it is installed.
.SH "FILES"
.TP 4
~/.themes
user themes directory
.TP
/usr/share/themes
system themes directory
.TP
/usr/share/themes/*/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml
.RS 2
\fBOR\fR
.RE
.RS 0
/usr/share/themes/*/croma-1/croma-theme-1.xml
.RS 4
theme specification files
.SH "BUGS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at: 
http://github.com/mate-desktop/croma/issues
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS This Man Page has been updated/re-written for the MATE Desktop Environment by:
Adam Erdman <hekel@archlinux.info> (2014)
.SH "HISTORY"
.SS Portions of this manpage were originally written for the Debian GNU/Linux system by: 
Jose M. Moya <josem@die.upm.es> (2004)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS Further information may also be available at: http://wiki.mate-desktop.org/docs
.P
.BR croma (1),
.BR croma-message (1),
.BR croma-window-demo (1)
